[Music]
Los Angeles 1937
there are lots of guys like JJ gibbous
they're easy to find if you want to find
them mr. Gettys have we ever met
well no never never since you agree with
me that we've never met before which I
so agree with me that I've never hired
you to do anything certainly not spy on
my husband I don't get tough with anyone
mr. Gettys my lawyer Dennis
[Music]
you do your job and sometimes you find
the answers to questions that should
never be asked or you find out what
happens to people who ask everybody
knows a fellow kitty cat huh you know
what happens to most I just like the
word sheet did you have affairs mr.
Gettys did he know about it
where were you when your husband died
[Music]
you were seeing someone too for very
long I don't see anyone for very long
mr. Gettys it's difficult for me mr.
Gillis you're dealing with a disturbed
woman who's just lost her husband I
don't wanna take it back
[Music]
[Applause]
go on Jake
[Music]
Jake it's Chinatown you get tough you
get tender you get close to each other
maybe you even get close to the truth
Jack Nicholson and Faye Dunaway in a
Robert Evans production of a roman
polanski finis Chinatown